Kannauj is situated near the Ganges River, about 50 miles northwest of Kanpur, with which it has road and rail connectionsIt was the capital of Harsha’s empire in early 7th century Kannauj has existed since ancient times and contains numerous ruins and artifacts Kannauj has been known for natural attars from the Mughal period or even earlier when aroma bearing substances like Sandal, Musk, Camphor, Saffron were used as such and the range of such materials and essential oils were further enriched during the Mughal period, when new plants were brought by the Mughals from Central Asia to this country.

In Rec kannuaj There are four branches namely, Civil engineering, Computer Science and engineering, Electronics Engineering, and Electrical Engineering

In Rec Kammuaj 60 Seats is in respective branch.

The average placement till Now in Rec Kannuaj is around 4 lakhs rupees.

Hod of Computer Science department is Mr BDK Patro.

Hod of Electronics department is Mr Arun Kumar Singh.

Hod of Civil department is Arstu Gautam.

Hod of electrical department is Kamlesh K Bharti.

Infrastructure of the Rec Kannuraj is under construction.

In rec There 5 hostels 2 for girls 3 for boys and More are under construction.

Nearest Bus station form rec that connects major cities is 20 kms,And same goes with the railway station.

Yes, there is also canteen facility in Rec kannuaj.

Sports facilaties is Cricket, volleyboll, football, badminton, Ludo and Chess etc.

Fee will be paid in two form, one for tution fee and one for hostel including mess fee, tuition fee is 60000 for first year and 54000 forother respective year, and hostel fee is 14000 for one year and mess fee is 16500 for half year.

This is a Government college.

It established in 2015 by Utter Pradesh Government.

Campus Size is spread in area over 19 Acres.

Total fee for respective courses is 2 point 23 lakhs for any one courses.

Academic record of RECK is very outstanding.

Director of Rec kannway is Mr Manoj Kumar Shukla.