Kannauj is situated near the Ganges River, about 50 miles northwest of Kanpur, with which it has road and rail connectionsIt was the capital of Harsha’s empire in early 7th century Kannauj has existed since ancient times and contains numerous ruins and artifacts Kannauj has been known for natural attars from the Mughal period or even earlier when aroma bearing substances like Sandal, Musk, Camphor, Saffron were used as such and the range of such materials and essential oils were further enriched during the Mughal period, when new plants were brought by the Mughals from Central Asia to this country.

2.How many branches are there ot in Rec kannuaj? 
There are four branches namely, Civil engineering, Computer Science and engineering, Electronics Engineering, and Electrical Engineering.

2.How many seats approved by government in Rec Kammuaj?
60 Seats in respective branch

3. What is the average placement till Now in Rec Kannuaj?
Around 4 lakhs rupees

4. Who is the HOD of CSE Branch?
Mr BDK Patro

5. Who is the HOD of Electronics Branch? 
Mr. Arun Kumar Singh 

7. Who is the HOD of Civil department?
Arstu Gautam

8. Who is the HOD of electrical department?
Kamlesh K. Bharti

9. Who is the director of Rec kannway? 
Mr. Manoj Kumar Shukla.

10. How is the infrastructure of the Rec Kannuraj? 
Its under construction.

11. How many hostels are there in RECK?
5 hostels 2 for girls 3 for boys, More are under construction.

13. How far it is from Railway & Bus station? 
Nearest Bus station that connects major cities is 20 kms,And same goes with the railway station.

14. Is there any canteen facility in Rec kannuaj?
Yes, it has canteen.

15. What are the sports facilaties available in Rec Kannuaj?
Cricket, volleyboll, football, badminton (outdoor) Ludo, Chess (Indoor)

16. What is fee structure 
Fee will be paid in two form, one for tution fee and one for hostel including mess fee, tuition fee is 60000 for first year and 54000 forother respective year, and hostel fee is 14000 for one year and mess fee is 16500 for half year

18. College is owned by which sector (Private/Government)?
Government.

19. When was it established!
In 2015 by Utter Pradesh Government.

20. What is Campus Size?
The campus is spread in area over 19 Acres.

21. What is it total fee for respective courses? 
2 point 23 lakhs for any one courses.

22. How are Academics?
Academic record of RECK is very outstanding.
